===== NEXT SIMULATION STEP =====
Current time: 2022-05-01 10:00:00
Simulation step: 6
Memory use: 243.890625M
Paused? False
aerosol_asymmetry_parameter                                                     dimensionless
aerosol_optical_depth_at_55_micron                                              dimensionless
air_pressure                                                                    Pa
air_pressure_on_interface_levels                                                Pa
air_temperature                                                                 degK
air_temperature_tendency_from_convection                                        degK day^-1
air_temperature_tendency_from_longwave                                          degK day^-1
air_temperature_tendency_from_longwave_assuming_clear_sky                       degK day^-1
air_temperature_tendency_from_shortwave                                         degK day^-1
air_temperature_tendency_from_shortwave_assuming_clear_sky                      degK day^-1
area_type                                                                       dimensionless
atmosphere_convective_available_potential_energy                                J kg^-1
atmosphere_hybrid_sigma_pressure_a_coordinate_on_interface_levels               dimensionless
atmosphere_hybrid_sigma_pressure_b_coordinate_on_interface_levels               dimensionless
atmosphere_relative_vorticity                                                   s^-1
cloud_area_fraction_in_atmosphere_layer                                         dimensionless
cloud_asymmetry_parameter                                                       dimensionless
cloud_base_mass_flux                                                            kg m^-2 s^-1
cloud_forward_scattering_fraction                                               dimensionless
cloud_ice_particle_size                                                         micrometer
cloud_water_droplet_radius                                                      micrometer
convective_downdraft_specific_humidity_scale                                    kg/kg
convective_downdraft_temperature_scale                                          degK
convective_downdraft_velocity_scale                                             m s^-1
convective_precipitation_rate                                                   mm day^-1
convective_state                                                                dimensionless
counter                                                                         no units/wrong type
depth_of_slab_surface                                                           m
divergence_of_wind                                                              s^-1
downwelling_longwave_flux_in_air                                                W m^-2
downwelling_longwave_flux_in_air_assuming_clear_sky                             W m^-2
downwelling_shortwave_flux_in_air                                               W m^-2
downwelling_shortwave_flux_in_air_assuming_clear_sky                            W m^-2
eastward_wind                                                                   m s^-1
flux_adjustment_for_earth_sun_distance                                          dimensionless
heat_capacity_of_soil                                                           J kg^-1 degK^-1
heat_flux_into_sea_water_due_to_sea_ice                                         W m^-2
height_on_ice_interface_levels                                                  m
latitude                                                                        degrees_north
longitude                                                                       degrees_east
longwave_optical_thickness_due_to_aerosol                                       dimensionless
longwave_optical_thickness_due_to_cloud                                         dimensionless
mass_content_of_cloud_ice_in_atmosphere_layer                                   kg m^-2
mass_content_of_cloud_liquid_water_in_atmosphere_layer                          kg m^-2
mole_fraction_of_carbon_dioxide_in_air                                          dimensionless
mole_fraction_of_carbon_tetrachloride_in_air                                    dimensionless
mole_fraction_of_cfc11_in_air                                                   dimensionless
mole_fraction_of_cfc12_in_air                                                   dimensionless
mole_fraction_of_cfc22_in_air                                                   dimensionless
mole_fraction_of_methane_in_air                                                 dimensionless
mole_fraction_of_nitrous_oxide_in_air                                           dimensionless
mole_fraction_of_oxygen_in_air                                                  dimensionless
mole_fraction_of_ozone_in_air                                                   mole/mole
northward_wind                                                                  m s^-1
ocean_mixed_layer_thickness                                                     m
sea_water_density                                                               kg m^-3
shortwave_optical_thickness_due_to_aerosol                                      dimensionless
shortwave_optical_thickness_due_to_cloud                                        dimensionless
single_scattering_albedo_due_to_aerosol                                         dimensionless
single_scattering_albedo_due_to_cloud                                           dimensionless
soil_layer_thickness                                                            m
solar_cycle_fraction                                                            dimensionless
specific_humidity                                                               kg/kg
stratiform_precipitation_rate                                                   m s^-1
surface_air_pressure                                                            Pa
surface_albedo_for_diffuse_near_infrared                                        dimensionless
surface_albedo_for_diffuse_shortwave                                            dimensionless
surface_albedo_for_direct_near_infrared                                         dimensionless
surface_albedo_for_direct_shortwave                                             dimensionless
surface_geopotential                                                            m^2 s^-2
surface_longwave_emissivity                                                     dimensionless
surface_material_density                                                        kg m^-3
surface_specific_humidity                                                       kg/kg
surface_temperature                                                             degK
surface_thermal_capacity                                                        J kg^-1 degK^-1
surface_upward_latent_heat_flux                                                 W m^-2
surface_upward_sensible_heat_flux                                               W m^-2
time                                                                            no units/wrong type
upward_heat_flux_at_ground_level_in_soil                                        W m^-2
upwelling_longwave_flux_in_air                                                  W m^-2
upwelling_longwave_flux_in_air_assuming_clear_sky                               W m^-2
upwelling_shortwave_flux_in_air                                                 W m^-2
upwelling_shortwave_flux_in_air_assuming_clear_sky                              W m^-2
zenith_angle                                                                    radians